chore: improve community contribution documentation (#476)
influxdata/influxdb_iox: README.md

To query stored data, use the `/api/v2/read` endpoint with a SQL query. This example will return
all data in the `company` organization's `sensors` bucket for the `processes` measurement:

```shell
curl -v -G -d 'org=company' -d 'bucket=sensors' --data-urlencode 'sql_query=select * from processes' "http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/v2/read"
```

## Contributing

> InfluxData very much welcomes contributions from the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for thinking of contributing! We very much welcome contributions from the community.
```

P.S, if you have never written a bug report before, or if you want to brush up on your bug reporting skills, we recommend reading Simon Tatham's essay [How to Report Bugs Effectively].

As well as bug reports we also welcome feature requests (there is a dedicated issue template for these).
Typically, the maintainers will periodically review community feature requests and make decisions about if we want to add them.
For features we don't plan to support we will close the feature request ticket (so, again, please check closed tickets for feature requests before submitting them).

[issue]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/issues/new
[New Issue]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/issues/new
[How to Report Bugs Effectively]: https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs.html

### Contributing Changes

InfluxDB IOx is written mostly in idiomatic Rust—please see the [Style Guide] for more details.
All code must adhere to the `rustfmt` format, and pass all of the `clippy` checks we run in CI (there are more details further down this README).

[Style Guide]: docs/style_guide.md

#### Finding Issues To Work On

> The [good first issue](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/labels/good%20first%20issue) and the [help wanted](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/labels/help%20wanted) labels are used to identify issues where we encourage community contributions.

Reviewer 2: 👍

They both indicate issues for which we would welcome independent community contributions, but the former indicates a sub-set of these that are especially good for first-time contributors.
If you want some clarifications or guidance for working on one of these issues, or you simply want to let others know that you're working on one, please leave a comment on the ticket.

[good first issue]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/labels/good%20first%20issue
[help wanted]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/labels/help%20wanted

#### Bigger Changes

> If you're planning to submit significant changes, which don't relates to existing community tickets **please** talk to the project maintainers first!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're planning to submit significant changes, even if it relates to existing tickets **please** talk to the project maintainers first!
```

Reviewer: I think it is important to start the conversation with us even if the issue pre-existed

> The easiest way to do this is to open up a new ticket, describing the changes you plan to make.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to do this is to open up a new ticket, describing the changes you plan to make
and *why* you plan to make them. Changes that may seem obviously good to you, are not always
obvious to everyone else 
```

To automatically format your code according to `rustfmt` style, first make sure `rustfmt` is installed using `rustup`:

```shell
rustup component add rustfmt
```

Then, whenever you make a change and want to reformat, run:

```shell
cargo fmt --all
```

Similarly with `clippy`, install with:

```shell
rustup component add clippy
```

And run with:

```shell

> cargo clippy  --all-targets --workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo clippy --all-targets -- -D warnings
```

This is the actual command that is run by CI
https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/blob/main/.circleci/config.yml#L33

Reviewer 3: Is there any appetite for using pre-commit hooks for this sort of thing too?

I've previously defined project CI checks as [pre-commit / pre-push hooks](https://github.com/domodwyer/pre-commit) so developers can run them locally without having to push to get the CI process going. Obviously this doesn't work for everything (integration tests being a prime example) but it reduces a lot of the annoying `push -> fail -> modify -> push` cycles in PRs and helps catch silly typos in the first place 👍

Reviewer 3: Is there any appetite for using pre-commit hooks for this sort of thing too?

I've previously defined project CI checks as [pre-commit / pre-push hooks](https://github.com/domodwyer/pre-commit) so developers can run them locally without having to push to get the CI process going. Obviously this doesn't work for everything (integration tests being a prime example) but it reduces a lot of the annoying push -> fail -> modify -> push cycles in PRs when the developer can run most of the CI pipeline locally and helps catch silly typos in the first place 👍

Reviewer 2: Oh whoops I think I pasted my personal alias... we should be checking all crates in the workspace though, I'll open a PR to fix CI

Reviewer 2: Wait CI does include `--workspace`, can you elaborate on why you removed it in your suggestion @alamb ? And the `-D warnings` part turns warnings into errors to make CI fail; I don't think that's actually required in development where there's a person who can read the screen and knows they need to fix all the warnings (maybe that's not clear without the `-D warnings` though?)

@domodwyer There's still no way to *require* anyone to install pre-commit/pre-push hooks though, right? They'd be nice to *provide* but last time I checked for a different OSS project of mine, they wouldn't have actually helped because people would need to have gone out of their way to install the hooks...

Reviewer: > Wait CI does include --workspace, can you elaborate on why you removed it in your suggestion @alamb ? 

@carols10cents  -- That was a mistake -- good catch! I meant to just add `-D warnings` not remove `--workspace` -- here is the updated suggestion:

```suggestion
cargo clippy --all-targets --workspace -- -D warnings
```

And yes I felt it would be useful to  make it clear that both warnings and errors need to be fixed

Reviewer: @domodwyer  -- I agree with @carols10cents  that providing optional pre-commit hooks that an be run locally is cool. I personally find them really annoying when trying to save some intermediate work locally (before pusing).

Reviewer 3: Yep sorry I wasn't as clear as I could have been - definitely an optional thing _in addition_ to the CI pipeline, it can be very disruptive to people's workflow if they're not used to it, it's definitely a marmite thing! 

It took me a while to get used to hooks but I love them now, one trick I have for @alamb's intermediate "just let me commit the thing" is setting a git alias: `wip = commit -m "WIP" --no-verify`. I then squash these into a real commit when I'm ready.

Having as much parity between CI / hooks would be cool and helps me avoid the dreaded "fix CI" commits :) I'd be happy to add some if we want them?
